I don’t even know if I would have participated
in this now. I’m not sure. I mean, I’ve always
believed you work inside, you work outside,
right? To change things. Certainly, if we’re
stuck with it, let’s make sure it’s working
as best as we can get it. But around policing,
I don’t know. I don’t know if it’s worth putting
any energy into that from the inside, honestly. I
still... If I get a call from the city auditor,
I still see the value in having that meeting,
and talking and bringing that de-task/defund
abolitionist perspective. Because if you don’t,
they won’t think of it. The Women’s Bathhouse
Committee was always also more radical than all
of this, if that makes sense. In other words, I
don’t think they were fooled into thinking that
this was a reformable institution either. It’s
just that you use whatever tools that you’ve got
to hold them accountable because you cannot let
this pass. They cannot get away with that shit, so
you’ve got to use the tools that are
available to you to hold them accountable.